Docsite: add Community guide (#93)
ansible/ansible-sdk: docs/source/community.rst

Ansible Forum
-------------

Join the `Ansible Forum <https://forum.ansible.com>`_, the default communication platform for questions and help, development discussions, events, and much more. `Register <https://forum.ansible.com/signup?>`_ to join the community. Search by categories and tags to find interesting topics or start a new one; subscribe only to topics you need!

* `Get Help <https://forum.ansible.com/c/help/6>`_: get help or help others. Please add appropriate tags if you start new discussions, for example `ansible-sdk`.
* `Posts tagged with 'ansible-sdk' <https://forum.ansible.com/tag/ansible-sdk>`_: subscribe to participate in project-related conversations.
* `Bullhorn newsletter <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/community/communication.html#the-bullhorn>`_: used to announce releases and important changes.
* `Social Spaces <https://forum.ansible.com/c/chat/4>`_: gather and interact with fellow enthusiasts.
* `News & Announcements <https://forum.ansible.com/c/news/5>`_: track project-wide announcements including social events.

> For more information on the forum navigation, see `Navigating the Ansible forum <https://forum.ansible.com/t/navigating-the-ansible-forum-tags-categories-and-concepts/39>`_ post.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See `Navigating the Ansible forum <https://forum.ansible.com/t/navigating-the-ansible-forum-tags-categories-and-concepts/39>`_ for some practical advice on finding your way around.
```
